Soooo, where did we leave off?
Kesh was the only survivor, and he met the Creator himself.
The Creator told him that three tokens are needed to enter Tokenville.
And he sent Kesh back to the past, where all his friends were still alive.
It all started again.
Kesh saw all his friends and he was very happy.
Wise Nao is standing on a rock again, giving his famous speech.
"STOP!"
His speech is interrupted by a loud voice from afar.
"Who are you?"
The crowd is amazed, as Kesh walks to the stone and asks for the floor.
"I came from the future to warn you!"
"We will be able to find the promised land... only if there are three of us left".
"All the others... they have to... die".
"All, except for three?"
- shouts someone from the crowd.
"Yes", - Kesh answers.
"Since we all are destined to die, you will be the first!"
Boom!
And a fierce bloody battle began.
Everyone started to fight using random weapons and even sticks,
and some tokens were throwing stones, although it's very, very bad.
A lot of tokens perished in this horrid fight.
A few heroes survived the bloodbath, but they were exhausted,
so they decided to stop killing each other, and have some rest.
Which heroes are still alive?
You will find it out next time.
And for now, good night, sleep tight.